### Privacy Policy

Your privacy is important to me. It is my policy to respect your privacy regarding any information I may collect from you through the app, Translation.

I only ask for personal information when I truly need it to provide a service to you. I collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. I also let you know why I’m collecting it and how it will be used.

I only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data I store, I’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.

I don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.

The app may link to external sites that are not operated by me. Please be aware that I have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.

You are free to refuse my request for your personal information, with the understanding that I may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.

Your continued use of the app will be regarded as acceptance of my practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how I handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact me.

This policy is effective as of 26 November 2019.

Generated by [GetTerms.io](https://getterms.io) 


### Support or Contact

Email: greenealexander036@gmail.com
